c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\CustomerMVCApp.dll
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\CustomerMVCApp.pdb
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\PagedList.dll
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\PagedList.xml
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\obj\Debug\CustomerMVCApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\obj\Debug\CustomerMVCApp.dll
c:\users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\obj\Debug\CustomerMVCApp.pdb
C:\Users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\CustomerLoggerNLog.dll
C:\Users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\NLog.dll
C:\Users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\CustomerLoggerNLog.pdb
C:\Users\satya\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CustomerActivity\CustomerMVCApp\bin\NLog.xml
